Add DD_TRACE_SAMPLING_RULES to Node.js (#15188)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_collection/library_config/nodejs.md

`DD_TRACE_RATE_LIMIT`
: Percentage of spans to sample as a float between `0` and `1`. Defaults to `100` when `DD_TRACE_SAMPLE_RATE` is set. Otherwise, delegates rate limiting to the Datadog Agent.

`DD_TRACE_SAMPLING_RULES` 

> : **Default**: `[{"sample_rate": 1.0}]` <br>

Reviewer: Is this `<br>` intentional? I believe it is not needed. None of the other lines have it. I previewed the page locally, and it doesn't appear to cause any problems, but it might be a good idea to remove it just in case.

Author: No idea. I just copy/pasted this from the cpp docs.

Author: Seems to be correct. Anywhere with a `Default` section needs the `<br>` to bump the content to the next line.

> : **Default**: `[{"sample_rate": 1.0}]` <br>

Reviewer 2: This is not correct. The default is an empty rule set and to use a dynamic rate provided by the agent on every flush, which is much lower than 100%.

Author: Made some edits. Let me know what you think.

`DD_TRACE_RATE_LIMIT`
: Percentage of spans to sample as a float between `0` and `1`. Defaults to `100` when `DD_TRACE_SAMPLE_RATE` is set. Otherwise, delegates rate limiting to the Datadog Agent.

`DD_TRACE_SAMPLING_RULES` 

> : A JSON array of objects. Each object must have a "sample_rate", and the "name" and "service" fields are optional. The "sample_rate" value must be between 0.0 and 1.0 (inclusive). Rules are applied in configured order to determine the trace's sample rate. If omitted, the tracer will defer to the agent to dynamically adjust sample rate across all traces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: A JSON array of objects. Each object must have a "sample_rate", and the "name" and "service" fields are optional. The "sample_rate" value must be between 0.0 and 1.0 (inclusive). Rules are applied in configured order to determine the trace's sample rate. If omitted, the tracer defers to the agent to dynamically adjust sample rate across all traces.
```
We write the public docs in present tense.

I'll go ahead and commit this change, approve and merge.
